OSDOCS-10882 [NETOBSERV] bpfman Support TP (#92963)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-ebpf-manager-operator.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * network_observability/observing-network-traffic.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="network-observability-ebpf-manager-operator_{context}"]
= Working with the eBPF Manager Operator

> The eBPF Manager is a separate Operator that reduces the attack surface, and ensures compliance, security, and conflict prevention by managing all eBPF programs. Network observability can use eBPF Manager to load hooks. This eliminates the need to provide the eBPF Agent with privileged mode or additional Linux capabilities like `CAP_BPF` and `CAP_PERFMON`. The eBPF Manager with network observability is only supported on 64-bit AMD architecture.

Reviewer: Looks like the title is "eBPF Manager Operator", right?
```suggestion
The eBPF Manager Operator reduces the attack surface and ensures compliance, security, and conflict prevention by managing all eBPF programs. Network observability can use eBPF Manager Operator to load hooks. This eliminates the need to provide the eBPF Agent with privileged mode or additional Linux capabilities like `CAP_BPF` and `CAP_PERFMON`. The eBPF Manager Operator with network observability is only supported on 64-bit AMD architecture.
```

> The eBPF Manager Operator reduces the attack surface and ensures compliance, security, and conflict prevention by managing all eBPF programs. Network observability can use eBPF Manager Operator to load hooks. This eliminates the need to provide the eBPF Agent with privileged mode or additional Linux capabilities like `CAP_BPF` and `CAP_PERFMON`. The eBPF Manager Operator with network observability is only supported on 64-bit AMD architecture.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The eBPF Manager Operator reduces the attack surface and ensures compliance, security, and conflict prevention by managing all eBPF programs. Network observability can use the eBPF Manager Operator to load hooks. As a result, the you no longer need to provide the eBPF Agent with privileged mode or additional Linux capabilities such as `CAP_BPF` and `CAP_PERFMON`. The eBPF Manager Operator with network observability is only supported on 64-bit AMD architecture.
```
- Revision to avoid starting a sentence with a potentially ambiguous pronoun reference ("This").
- Swapped out "like" for "such as". Feel free to ignore that suggestion if you really mean "like". ("Like" is generally used for comparisons, while "such as" is used to list specific examples.)

:FeatureName: eBPF Manager Operator with network observability
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

.Procedure
. In the web console, navigate to *Operators* -> *Operator Hub*.
. Install *eBPF Manager*.
. Check *Workloads* -> *Pods* in the `bpfman` namespace to make sure they are all up and running.

> . Configure the `FlowCollector` custom resource, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure the `FlowCollector` custom resource to use the eBPF Manager Operator:
```

+

> [id="network-observability-flowcollector-configuring-ebpfmanager_{context}"]

Reviewer: Looks like a stray id in here
```suggestion
```

.Example `FlowCollector` configuration
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: flows.netobserv.io/v1beta2
kind: FlowCollector
metadata:
  name: cluster
spec:
  agent:
    ebpf:
      features:
        - EbpfManager
----

.Verification
. In the web console, navigate to *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.
. Click *eBPF Manager Operator* -> *All instances* tab.
+

> There should be a `BpfApplication` named `netobserv` and a pair of `BpfProgram` objects, one for Traffic Control (TCx) ingress and another for TCx egress, for each node. There might be more if you enable other eBPF Agent features.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For each node, verify that a `BpfApplication` named `netobserv` and a pair of `BpfProgram` objects, one for Traffic Control (TCx) ingress and another for TCx egress, exist. If you enable other eBPF Agent features, you might have more objects.
```
- IBM Style advises against starting a sentence with "There...". To make this paragraph clearer, add a noun after `BpfApplication` and be more specific about what there might be more of if you enable other eBPF agent features.

> . Click *eBPF Manager Operator* -> *All instances* tab.
> 
> There should be a `BpfApplication` named `netobserv` and a pair of `BpfProgram` objects, one for Traffic Control (TCx) ingress and another for TCx egress, for each node. There might be more if you enable other eBPF Agent features.

Reviewer: Should attach to the step to avoid text outside steps
```suggestion
. Click *eBPF Manager Operator* -> *All instances* tab.
+
There should be a `BpfApplication` named `netobserv` and a pair of `BpfProgram` objects, one for Traffic Control (TCx) ingress and another for TCx egress, for each node. There might be more if you enable other eBPF Agent features.
```
